Vindicators can be way more dangerous on
Bedrock than Java. Let me explain. You
might have seen me talk recently about
how vindicators can completely ignore
shields on Java Edition, making them
super dangerous. And Bedrock vindicators
can't do this, making them weaker than
Java's Vindicators by default. But if
the player helps, they can be way more
dangerous than on Java. For example, if
you name a Vindicator Johnny, it will
attack pretty much every mob in the game
except for a few. Vindicators won't
attack other vindicators or pillagers,
but they also won't attack baby
villagers, but only on Java because on
Bedrock, they have no problem with this.
But vindicators can be even more
dangerous because you can give them
gear. If you get some diamond armor and
enchant it with protection 4 and thorns,
you can put the armor onto a vindicator
using a dispenser. This armor actually
works and is fully invisible, so you can
surprise other players with insanely
strong vindicators.